♪ Tu... ♪
♪ bi... ♪
♪ Tubi
[♪♪♪]
[phone dinging]
[Dallas] How's USC's
shiny new quarterback holding up?
I miss when you were just my boyfriend
and we actually got to see each other.
What's new. quarterback?
Drayton Lahey.
-[phone dinging] -[Drayton] I miss you. too.
Summer conditioning's over.
but the season's going to be even crazier.
Our date night on Friday is locked in. though.
I wouldn't miss that for the world.
[phone dinging]
How's Miley settling in?
[Dallas] It's like living with a sparkly tornado.
So far. she's skipped all of our classes
to go to auditions. -[Miley] Come on!
She says that's the real way to get a dance education.
[breathlessly] I got it! It's okay. it's okay.
[phone dinging] [Dallas] Anyways. how's Zach?
[phone dinging]
[Drayton] He's good.
Not quite as good as hanging out with you.
but he'll do until I get to see you next.
Hey. I've got to somehow convince you
to come down here more.
I mean. with all that free time of yours...
[phone dinging]
Kidding.
I'm proud of you for balancing it all.
If only dating me
could be considered your full-time job.
[phone dinging]
[Dallas] Your humility is always so refreshing.
I can't wait to see you Friday.
It's been so long.
I think I forgot what you look like.
[phone dinging]
Ah. Cheer. we can't have that.
and because Friday's a whole week away...
[camera snapping]
[phone dinging]
...here's a little something
so you don't forget what your boyfriend looks like.
[gasping] Hot jock boyfriend strikes again.
[giggling]
Yes. he does.
[phone chiming] [Dallas] So humble.
sending me a thirst drop at 10:00 a.m.
I love it.
See you Friday.
[♪♪♪]
'Sup. bud.
Good shift.
Good stuff.
Good stuff today. boys.
All right. all right.
Decent last scrimmage. Lahey.
Great job on that out route.
Seconds later. he'd have been out of bounds.
That's why they pay me the big bucks.
-They're paying you? -No.
Coach. if we're not careful.
we're not gonna find a helmet big enough for this guy.
Yo. at least he can back it up.
[Coach Watson] Can we focus now?
Good.
Summer conditioning is over.
so now it's football.
all in. all day. every day.
I want you to think it. live it. breathe it.
We have our first game of the season next week.
Season opener.
[all cheering]
Whoo!
[Watson] All right. all right. all right!
Their linebacker is no joke.
so I'm adding a film session Saturday morning.
Oh. Coach. who cares about some linebacker
when we got Lahey's cannon?
Yeah. let's just wait and see what the freshman can do.
Whole lot more than you did last season.
[Watson] Hey. it's not up for debate.
See you at 6:00 a.m. tomorrow.
Rest up.
[♪♪♪]
[Dean Adams] As some of you may have heard.
I will be auditing your class this fall.
I will be choosing one freshman to join my master class
next semester.
It's a huge opportunity.
a launchpad to a professional dance career.
Good luck.
[♪♪♪]
[Dallas] And there's a showcase at the end of her masterclass.
and she invites a bunch of important people.
including the artistic director of the Royal Ballet.
[Drayton] Well. it sounds like
you've gotta get into that class.
Oh. yeah.
but anyways. how far away are you?
[Drayton] I think I'm pretty close.
[giggling]
Nice catch. Quarterback.
[♪♪♪]
Mm. mm.
[laughing]
[♪♪♪]
Whoa!
Oh. naked! Very naked.
Just grabbing my wallet.
Carry on. carry on.
Yeah. yeah.
[phone ringing]
[sighing]
It's Josh.
I'll get him back.
[phone ringing]
[sighing and chuckling]
It's Gabby.
That's weird. right?
Yeah.
We should probably pick up.
[sighing]
[call ringing]
-Hey. bro. what's up? -Hello. Ms. Harvard!
I'm a little busy.
-Gabby and I broke up. -I broke up with Josh.
It was mutual.
Gabs. I'm so sorry.
-Are you okay? -Shit. what happened?
Between the time difference and school.
I think we both sort of knew it was coming.
She said maybe it was best
we didn't drag out the inevitable.
and I agreed. obviously.
-Yeah. no. that makes sense. -You're handling it great.
-Are you with Drayton? -Is that Dallas?
No.
-I mean. yes. but... -Yeah. but he's--
-he's talking to Miley. -...but we're alone.
You're so lucky you and Dallas live in the same city.
Gabs. is there anything you need?
No. I'm fine.
Nobody actually ends up with their high-school sweetheart.
Oh. my God. no. I mean....
Ugh. I'm sorry.
You and Dray are obviously the exception.
Gotta get back to studying
so I can go to a party tonight.
-Love you so much. -Hey. you have so much fun.
Thank you!
[calls signing off]
[♪♪♪]
What was that for?
Because I love you.
I can't believe it.
I didn't see it coming.
Yeah. me neither.
Josh and Gabby are. like. perfect for each other.
I don't--
And I know we're not technically long distance.
but--
L.A. is way bigger than Archwood.
And I don't have a car.
And there's always traffic.
But we're not long distance.
No. no. we're...
short distance.
Okay. I know you're joking.
but it's kind of true.
I mean. I thought being in the same city
we'd see each other more.
Yeah. me too.
But hey. sometimes when you're on the field.
you have to switch up the play.
Doesn't mean the game's over.
[laughing] Oh. God.
are you going to only speak in sports metaphors now?
Only if it's working.
Would it make you feel better if we made a plan?
You know it would.
Okay...
let's promise to see each other every weekend.
Who goes to who?
We can switch off.
What happens after college?
We live happily ever after.
unless. of course. you know.
I get super rich and famous.
Oh. okay. so you're going to big-time me?
Never.
Do you really think we're the exception?
I know it.
Oh. shit!
No. no. no. this can't be happening.
Oh. no. no. too early.
-Can you check the traffic? -Yeah.
It's going to take 56 minutes.
50...? [sighing]
Coach is going to kill me.
I gotta go.
Okay.
Bye. Miley.
Bye. stupid.
[traffic noise]
[Coach] All right. fellas. let's hit the field.
We're going to start with your positional groups.
and then we're going to do seven-on-seven.
Wow.
look who decided to show up.
Yeah. Coach. I know. I'm really sorry about that.
I had some car trouble--
You missed the film session.
I know.
It was a mistake. and it'll never happen again.
Oh. it was a mistake. okay.
Well. mistakes happen.
kind of like when you don't expect the defense
to fake cover two.
roll the safety late.
disguise the weak-side blitz.
See. that's the kind of thing you don't see coming
until it's too late.
and your ass is on the ground.
Ryan's running with the first team.
You're with the twos.
Coach. come on. please. it was one--
You can get with the twos. or you can get out.
Those are your options.
Let's go!
[♪♪♪]
Dallas. come on in.
Did I ever tell you my ex-husband is from Dallas?
I spent a lot of time there.
I've never been.
Some would say I gave that city
the best years of my life.
So. I called you in to warn you
that next year's tuition will be increasing
to adjust for inflation.
Okay. but I'm on the full ride.
Um... yes and no.
I'm sorry. um. what are you saying?
Well. you have this much money.
but you need this much money.
Now. the remaining balance is roughly 30%.
plus living expenses.
That's like $18.000!
Yeah.
Plus living expenses. yeah.
I don't have that kind of money.
You could always get a job and start saving.
and the good news is.
is you're eligible for federal work study.
However. most students applied weeks ago.
so a lot of those positions have been filled.
but again.
you can always look at our many loan options.
okay?
Now. let me know if you need any more help.
-Enjoy. -Library.
Filled.
Dining hall.
Or a tour guide. You'd be great at that.
And filled.
At this point.
I'm gonna need to start an OnlyFans.
Yeah. no. I already looked into that
when I got into NYU.
but it's like a full-time job.
and it's such a saturated market.
You got into NYU?
Yeah. but my parents were very clear.
Out-of-state tuition was out of the question.
Mm.
But it's fine.
I'm constantly going to open calls.
I'll get there eventually.
Thank you.
Is New York the dream?
I mean. isn't it for all of us?
Mm! Wait.
I know this senior that manages a coffee shop.
I'll just text and see if there's any openings.
Miley. you goddess.
Please. thank you.
Anytime.
Hey. you can thank me by being my plus-one tonight.
I can't. I have a date with Drayton.
Cute.
Wait. okay. if I bend down. can you see my ass?
A little.
Yes! Sexy pirate booty is exactly what I was going for.
[♪♪♪]
-[whistle blows] -Pick it up. pick it up!
♪ And now I want to...
Move your feet! High knees. Let's go!
♪ I got a boredom in my bones ♪
♪ From spending too much time alone ♪
♪ And I don't know...
♪ ...Where this thing will go... ♪
Move your feet!
Come on!
Keep going. keep going. keep going.
♪ ... I don't want to...
Let's go. One more time. Let's go.
[whistle blows]
♪ You're not the type of girl ♪
♪ Who settles for one guy
♪ I was in the fitting room
♪ And you were giving me a try
♪ Oh...
♪ And you're...
Everything is closed by now.
I know. I know.
I'm so sorry.
Practice ran late. and I hit every red light.
[sighing]
Is someone a little hangry?
No.
Come on.
I'm trying my best.
It's been such a long day.
Let's not fight.
[♪♪♪]
You look beautiful.
Stop smiling at me like that.
Why?
Because it's working?
[sighing]
Maybe.
There has to be somewhere open.
[sighing]
♪ ...My number on your window
♪ Kissing you slow
♪ There's no way that you forgot ♪
♪ Friday night
♪ Underneath the small-town sky. yeah... ♪
You've been holding back on me.
-I'm just getting started. -Oh. yeah?
♪ ...You in my jersey
♪ Killing me with those blue eyes ♪
♪ That feeling still undefeated ♪
Come on now.
♪ Scoreboard lights end of season ♪
♪ Goodbye tears and taillights leaving... ♪
These might be better than Nate's.
but don't tell him I said that.
I'm calling him right now.
-Ugh! -[phone dinging]
"Hey. Dallas. this is Skyler. the manager at Emmy's Coffee.
Can you come in for an interview this week?"
She finally texted.
Mm-hmm.
See? Things are finally looking up.
[laughing]
If I get it. though.
I'll have to work weekends. which sucks.
Well...
You know. I could always pay you
to come to my away games.
Call it a boyfriend tax.
Hmm...
I'm not sure I'm ready to put "sugar baby"
on my resume.
Fair enough.
Hey. look. I gotta get going.
Tomorrow's a two-a-day.
Already?
-I know. -No!
No. just one more dance.
It's gonna take a lot of convincing.
-One more dance-- -Fine. I'll do it.
One dance.
Okay. come one.
♪ We were just solely who we are ♪
♪ Two individual hearts...
[♪♪♪]
♪ So let's ride away
♪ Leave today
♪ If the journey gets too hard ♪
♪ I will be the home you know ♪
♪ I will be your home for now ♪
♪ When we're miles away
♪ A warm embrace
♪ If the journey gets too cold ♪
♪ I will be the home you know... ♪
All right. let's get started.
[whispering] Hey.
where's Drayton?
[whispering] Probably car troubles.
[Coach] Cuttin' it close.
Sorry. boys.
All right. now that everybody's here.
Drayton.
you see the linebacker drop back. what do you do?
Easy. Throw over the middle.
No.
That safety is a ball hawk.
He's gonna jump the route.
You should check the flats.
hit the tight end. and out route.
or if you're me. you pick up the first down with your legs.
[Coach] Bingo.
[whispering] You missed the film sesh.
so you didn't see how tight the defence is.
I've watched the tapes.
and maybe you can't complete in that window.
but I can.
How about we run all our options
and find out. shall we?
Let's go!
Drayton. hang back.
I know how hard you've worked to get here.
but nothing is guaranteed.
You understand what I'm saying?
-I know. -No. you don't.
Now is the time to focus.
You want to go pro?
Keep your eye on the ball.
You're back on fist team.
[Leroy] It's a huge opportunity.
and I could not be more excited
for the world to see what Drayton can do.
No pressure. though.
[chuckling]
And how does it feel to have your son
following in your footsteps?
I mean. come on. as a former athlete.
but especially as a father.
it's just an honor
to shepherd my son into this next phase.
Thank you both.
Thank you.
All right. now. remember.
-let the play develop. -Got it.
And don't forget to set your feet--
Dad. I got this. all right?
Don't worry so much.
We made it. I'm here.
and I'm glad you're here.
but maybe just try to chill a little.
Less coach. more Dad?
Exactly.
Listen. I'm going to head back with the guys.
but grab a beer. relax.
I got this in the bag.
Knock 'em dead.
[♪♪♪]
[exhaling impatiently]
Hey. it's Drayton. Leave me a message.
[voicemail beeping]
Hey. Dray. I'm so sorry.
My interview is running so late.
but hopefully. she'll be here soon.
I know your game already started.
I promise you I will be there as soon as I can.
Hey.
Can I get you a coffee?
Thanks. but no thanks.
What. you don't like coffee?
Uh. love coffee. yeah.
but I'm already super anxious
because I'm running so late for my game.
and the caffeine might just set me over the edge.
What do you play?
Um. no. not me. my boyfriend.
I should be there.
but instead. I'm here.
waiting to interview for a job I don't even want.
My apologies for keeping you waiting.
I was dealing with a pastry fiasco.
We're running out of croissants.
but hey.
we can start the interview now.
You!
You're Skyler?
I thought you were a girl.
That happens all the time.
I think it was all the emojis.
I use an appropriate amount of emojis.
Come on. you're in a rush.
Wow. freshman.
impressive GPA.
You're a dance major?
-Yeah. -Cool.
but no prior barista experience.
I'm a very fast learner.
Okay. one question.
Why do you want the job?
Ha. ha. that's funny.
You're funny.
Um. as I said earlier. I love coffee.
and I'm good with people...
usually.
I can't take back what I said. okay?
I don't want this job.
but I need it.
Financial aid is a joke.
and my full ride-- it turned to 70%.
so if making oat milk lattes
is how I get to stay at CalArts.
I will show up to every shift
on time
with a smile.
Did I mention I love coffee?
Couple times.
Can you start tomorrow?
Yes.
-Yes? -Yes.
Thank you. I need the help.
-Yeah. go. -Yeah.
Yes. thank you.
[announcer] USC holds the lead
in a tight battle against De Leon.
Freshman Drayton Lahey
had a strong performance in the first half.
but can he close out the second with a win?
[blowing whistle]
Lahey drops back to pass. He's got 26 open.
First down-- Trojans!
[crowd cheering]
Lahey loads up.
He takes a deep shot-- Oh. intercepted!
That's got to sting for the young freshman.
[♪♪♪]
Ready? Break!
[announcer] Snaps it back.
Lahey eyes the field...
and another first down. USC!
Come on. let's go.
[crowd cheering]
[calling plays]
Go!
[announcer] Lahey fakes the hand off.
He pitches to--
Oh. fumble!
Recovered by De Leon! Touchdown.
-De Leon now takes the lead. -[whistle blowing]
Start of the fourth quarter. USC has the ball.
Zach's going to run a 10-yard button hook.
Drayton's gonna to hit him on the throw. Let's go.
[team clapping]
Let's go!
Check 20. check 20.
Work with him on the outside.
-Come on. come on. come on. -Ready!
Go!
Lahey in the pocket. looking for a window.
Come on. Drayton!
He can't find an open man.
[crowd gasping]
He's down!
Dallas!
Over here.
He's resting comfortably.
but. um...
it's his ACL.
Now. we don't know whether it's a full-on tear
or just a sprain.
We'll learn more soon.
But he's-he's going to be okay.?
He will.
but an injury like this.
especially this early in a career.
it can take a toll on you.
He's not going to be himself for a while.
so however much you can.
try to be patient with him.
I promise.
And listen. I know I wasn't always
the most supportive of you two in the beginning.
but I was wrong.
I'm really glad you have each other.
[announcer on recording] Senior back-up Ryan Decker
stepped in cold... [knocking on door]
...after freshman quarterback Drayton Lahey
went down with
what looked like a lower leg injury.
Decker led a stunning fourth quarter--
Hey.
how are you feeling?
I've been better.
I am...
I'm so sorry.
I wish I was here sooner--
It's okay.
My interview took so long--
Dallas. it's fine.
You remember when you told me...
sometimes you've gotta redirect?
Doesn't mean the game's over.
So did you get the job?
I start tomorrow.
So I'll sleep over.
and then I'll leave early.
No. my dad's here.
You should go and get some rest.
I'll call you tomorrow. okay?
Okay.
[Skyler] Any preferences on music?
Hey.
Hey. once those doors open.
it's white-girl pop for hours on end. okay?
It's dealer's choice.
I don't care.
Okay.
Don't say I didn't warn you.
["Brighter Than A Thousand Suns" plays over loudspeaker]
♪ It's brighter than a thousand suns ♪
Whoo!
Can you-- can you turn it down?
What?
Can you just-- Can you lower it?
I thought you said you didn't mind!
-This is not-- -I--
This is not funny. It's not funny.
It's a little...
-Please? -[stops record player]
It's a little funny.
Not a morning person. huh?
[Dallas chuckling ruefully]
Maybe this is more your speed?
[starts playing "In The Air"]
Nice.
♪ No. you can't...
Oh. whoa. whoa. whoa.
Flour will be your best friend. okay?
Otherwise it's sticking everywhere.
[clearing throat]
♪ You try to hide it every day. every night ♪
♪ But you feel it inside...
This is a nice song.
Who is it?
That's my band.
Actually. this might interest you. though.
We're holding auditions next month
for a music video we're shooting.
There's no budget whatsoever.
but everyone involved is. like. super talented.
and. you know. you might meet some folks.
maybe get some video for your demo reel.
♪ ...But he's choosing himself... ♪
Yeah. thank you.
I would love to. I just...
I don't know if I can make it work
between class and rehearsals for my showcase.
Yeah. and moonlighting as a barista.
Exactly.
I get it.
Your band sounds very cool.
I just. um...
I prefer more elevated dance.
like ballet.
Wow.
That's a very snobby thing to say.
♪ ...Try to hide it every day. every night ♪
♪ But you feel it inside...
Oh. sorry. I-I meant pretentious.
I'm trying to say I'm not a backup dancer.
[laughing]
You're really not helping your case.
Uh. mop up before opening. okay?
[♪♪♪]
[sighing]
[Coach] All right. run it again.
Move your feet. Let's go.
High knees. Knees up!
Pick it up. Pick it up! Come on!
Again!
Hey. water boy.
why don't you make yourself useful?
Fill me a bottle.
[Coach] Move your feet.
And again.
Hey. Decker!
Get over here!
Need a spot?
Nope.
You shouldn't be lifting this much.
And who are you?
[Coach] Meet Charlotte Carlisle.
your new PT.
[Charlotte] Technically. PT assistant.
I'm also graduating this year. top of my class.
Great.
so how soon can I get back on the field?
Well. our top priority is to get you healed.
Ryan can always finish out the season
-if we need him-- -The season?
We're just talking through worst-case scenario.
It's just a sprain.
But it would be dumb to let it become a tear
and jeopardize your entire career
by pushing you back out onto the field too quickly.
[Coach] Hey. what Charlotte says goes.
You trust her and trust the process.
I gotta run.
You're in good hands.
[Charlotte] We're going to take things nice and easy. okay?
Lots of rest between sessions.
Google said it would take two to four weeks to heal.
Oh. you Googled it?
Oh. well. then never mind.
Take it easy for the next two weeks.
Try to avoid standing too much.
Avoid strenuous activity.
especially running.
Elevate your knee. binge a show this weekend.
and only take pain meds if you really need to.
Anything else?
Yeah.
Stay off Google.
[exhaling in wonder]
I cannot believe I haven't been here before.
This place is incredible.
Not a lot of galleries on the farm?
I've never been on a farm.
-but yeah. no. -[laughing]
Archwood definitely did not have anything like this.
[camera snapping] So beautiful.
Hey. no flash photography.
Oh. well. if it isn't the work husband.
Ooh. wow. that's really inappropriate.
I've never called you that.
Good.
[chuckling] It's okay.
[phone buzzing]
Um. oh. I'm just getting a call.
One second.
Hi.
Wow.
[Dallas] It's so cool.
The technique from the dancers?
Mm-hmm?
I'd kill to have his arch...
...but just something about it.
it feels. um... tragic.
like they're being pulled apart.
Huh.
What?
Well. I-I'd say it's hopeful. you know?
Like... like they're reaching out to each other.
[Miley] Okay.
Okay. yeah. yeah.
You guys. who wants to go see the "La La Land" screening
at the Street Food Cinema tonight?
I-I-I want to.
I want to. but I can't. I'm seeing Drayton.
Bring him! The more the merrier.
I would. but he wants to go to some frat party.
and it's his first outing since the whole...
Right. right.
Well. you'll be missed.
but I hope you have fun.
What's the theme?
Probably something elevated.
[party music thumping]
Dray...
Come on.
Blondie hoes and GI Joes.
Glad feminism is alive and well.
We can ditch this.
Miley invited us to a movie.
or-or.
or...
we could go back to your place
and have our own party.
Tempting...
but all the boys are onsite.
We gotta go in.
[music thumping]
Okay?
Okay.
Okay. but you gotta help me.
Is that Drayton Lahey?
I heard he's transferring.
[♪♪♪]
Way to fumble the sack. Lahey!
That's not an expression. dumbass.
-Lahey. bro. what's up? -What's up?
You down for a game of darts?
Your arm still works. right?
Yeah. man.
-That cool? -Yeah.
Hey. kick his ass.
[♪♪♪]
Yo. your girl's hotter in person.
What?
Dude. relax.
It was a compliment.
Yo. Saturday's a huge game. man.
Three wins in a row would be big.
Can't argue with that.
It's good. you know?
I feel like... order has been restored.
[♪♪♪]
Don't get too comfortable.
I guess my arm still works.
[players laughing]
Shut up.
[phone buzzing]
[Miley] Dallas!
We're going to a bar in Silver Lake
and Skyler's here. too!
I-I can't-- I can't really hear you.
It's going to be so much fun!
Miley?
I can't believe Drayton Lahey's here.
He is so much hotter in person.
But I heard he has a girlfriend.
I like a challenge.
-[both giggling] -Stop...
You're such a villain.
The best part is the chase. I'm telling you.
I'm going to get his attention.
I'm going to...
Hey. you okay?
Dallas. what's wrong?
I'm just tired. and I want to go home.
Okay.
Do you want me to call the Uber?
Oh. it's not that far. We can walk.
Drayton.
Dallas.
Isn't this a lot for your knee?
I'm fine. Quit worrying about me.
Okay? I'm fine. Let's go.
♪ I saw the signs
♪ All burning bright
♪ In my rearview
♪ But I'll run the red
♪ 'Cause what's ahead
♪ Is something new
♪ The only way out...
♪ The only way out
♪ Is through
♪ The only way out...
♪ The only way out
♪ Is through...
I heard the Dean decides who gets into her class
by the end of the semester.
-and... -[groans]
Are you okay?
My knee's just acting up a little.
I did some track work this morning.
It's not a big deal.
You did?
I'm fine.
I'll just... take a muscle relaxer.
What?
I just think you're pushing yourself
way too hard.
You need to take it easy.
Dallas. I know what I'm doing.
I know you do.
but you can't force yourself to get better.
It's gonna take time.
The longer I'm on the bench.
the longer Ryan's on the field.
[scoffing]
Wow.
Who knew football was so Machiavellian?
What's that supposed to mean?
Machiavellian means like you're-- it's--
No. I know what Machiavellian means.
Can we just change the subject?
Yeah. gladly.
What's up. lovebirds?
Dallas. how are you?
Nice to see you. as always.
Heard I missed a rager last night.
Yeah.
Yeah. you certainly did.
Wish I could have been there. but I was studying.
You know me. study. study. football. study. football....
Tough life...
Like. I want to be there for him.
but I don't-- Like. I don't know how.
He's hyper-fixating on his beef with Ryan
and pushing himself way too hard. and...
I don't know. just. things feel so off.
Yeah. I've noticed the FaceTimes
are getting shorter and shorter.
Ouch.
Sorry.
It's just really hard not to notice
when I sleep five feet away from you.
No. it hurts because it's true.
Now he's leaving for Florida.
[phone buzzing]
[Miley] Don't tell me that's him.
[Dallas] That's him.
[Miley] Speak of the devil.
Hi.
[Drayton] Hey. Dallas.
Look. I don't want to leave like this.
and...
I'm sorry I was being a dick.
I've just been feeling a lot of pressure lately.
I hate that things are off.
You know. so I thought.
you know. what if we met in the middle?
I'll buy us dinner.
No parties.
no football.
just us.
How's that sound?
That sounds really nice.
I'll call you a ride.
[inhaling deeply]
If I don't go tonight.
then we're going to have to wait weeks--
Girl. girl.
you do not owe me an explanation.
Seriously. it's fine.
but...
you know what you can do?
You can come with me tomorrow to an open call.
It's this amazing opportunity.
It's for a movie musical.
They need dancers.
Yeah. why not?
Okay!
-I'll do it. -Okay. great!
But seriously. have so much fun tonight.
because makeup sex is the best sex.
It's like top-tier. primo.
[laughing]
So yeah. have fun.
Okay.
[Dallas] Yeah. and then
she goes. "You're such a villain."
Who says that?
It made me so mad.
I've never seen you so jealous before.
I kind of like it.
Well. I hate it.
There are so many women
just throwing themselves at you.
It's not just women.
[sighing]
Well. unfortunately for them.
I am deeply and madly
in love with my girlfriend.
I think I left something in the back seat.
Oh. yeah?
Yeah.
Want to help me find it?
[exhaling]
Okay. what if someone sees us?
Let them watch.
[♪♪♪]
[giggling]
[tapping on window]
Oh. my God. Oh. my God. Shit.
Drayton. I can't get in trouble.
Don't worry. I'll take care of it.
We know what it looks like. but I can assure you--
Whose car is this?
Mine.
ID. now.
Drayton Lahey.
You messed up my fantasy football league.
Oh. sorry about that.
It's a shame what happened.
I didn't technically see anything.
so why don't I let you off on a warning for loitering?
Don't do anything stupid like this again. you hear?
You got it.
Thank you. Thank you. officer.
Thanks again for understanding.
Shh!
[laughing] What the fuck?
God...
[laughing]
[♪♪♪]
[Drayton] Come on. boys.
We're only down by 10.
What the hell are you doing out there?
What's with all the drops?
Maybe if you looked off your first read.
we'd be up right now.
Maybe if you got your head out of your ass.
you'd be able to see the ball coming at you.
Hey. why don't you stop bitching
and focus on turning this game around?
Step back to the bench. rookie.
Hey! Everybody. simmer down.
It's bad enough we're losing to Miami.
USC has more Heisman winners than any other school.
Those men didn't get there by squabbling at halftime.
Our passing attack clearly isn't working.
Yeah. you're right.
We could go in a huddle.
get the defence off-rhythm.
That's not a bad idea.
Speed up the offence. speed up the game.
Everybody on the same page?
[team] Yeah!
[Coach] All right. let's go to work.
[♪♪♪]
[Dallas] I can't believe
we made it past the first round.
Right?
That open call was amazing.
[excitedly] Ugh!
[laughing]
[phone dinging]
[gasping]
Tomorrow's rehearsal is canceled!
Why do you sound upset?
Because our showcase is around the corner.
and the Dean will be there.
and that'll factor into her masterclass decision--
Bitch. you could do that choreo in your sleep.
plus you got the opening solo.
Come on.
We just got our Sunday back.
This is good news.
I can't remember the last time I had a day off.
That's really sad.
Yeah. it's been a lot between work and school.
And hot jock boyfriend.
Yeah. exactly.
Ugh. if he were in town.
I'd probably run to see him.
Yeah. I know.
I wouldn't literally run.
No. I'm not judging you.
It's just that. you know.
it's obviously hard to build your own life here
if you always have one foot out the door.
What's that?
Oh... okay.
[Miley] Your first music video! I'm so excited.
Thank you for coming with me.
It really. really means a lot.
Any time.
You look gorg.
This is going to be so great for your reel.
Also. I'm happy to help you edit that.
Ugh. you are the best.
Of course.
I'm so excited to start getting agents.
and working full-time...
[♪♪♪]
What about school?
I love CalArts.
but it isn't the end all. be all.
What do you mean?
It's just not the final destination.
[phone buzzing]
It's okay if you need to answer that.
Uh. no. no.
I'll...
I'll get him back.
[Skyler] Dallas. Miley!
Oh. hey!
Thank you. guys. for being here.
Of course.
and this is actually really cool.
I'll take that as a compliment.
All right. guys. let's get to work.
Okay. okay.
You'll do great. sweetie.
Thank you. [laughing]
[♪♪♪]
[singing] ♪ When she walks in the room
♪ She pulls down the moon
♪ Like it's some kind of miracle ♪
♪ I'm a bit impulsive
♪ I think she probably knows
♪ That this feeling is chemical ♪
♪ Mm...
♪ I've got some things that I can't say ♪
♪ Ooh...
♪ I'll bet she knows it all anyway ♪
♪ Son of a gun
♪ I'm coming undone
♪ Heart like a drum
♪ Do you feel it. too?
♪ Might not be simple
♪ It might hurt a little
♪ But I like being somewhere
♪ In the middle with you
♪ Somewhere in the middle with you ♪
♪ Ooh. ooh
♪ The middle with you
♪ Somewhere in the middle with... ♪
[♪♪♪]
♪ Like lightning in a bottle
♪ I read her like a novel
♪ Breathing her in line by line ♪
♪ Like a soul revival
♪ Hand on the Bible
♪ Drinking her down like she's cherry wine ♪
♪ Mm...
♪ I've got some things that I can't say ♪
♪ Ooh. ooh...
♪ I bet she knows it all anyway... ♪
[♪♪♪]
[both humming tune of song]
[both singing] ♪ I got some things
♪ That I can't say...
That part stuck in my head.
Love it.
Ah. thank you. thank you.
but it was. you know. it was a hard song to write.
How so?
It's about a break-up.
This girl
couldn't decide between me and her ex.
strung me along for like a year.
It sucked.
It sounds messy.
Yeah.
Never doing that again.
[chuckling]
Did you always want to be a musician?
Sort of.
I grew up in Brooklyn with my parents.
They were both starving artists.
so they think it would have been weird
if I ended up going to med school or something.
Like. that's what selling out would have been like. you know?
Crazy. but I love them.
What about you?
Same-ish.
My mom was a dancer.
I got my ticket to your showcase. by the way.
You're coming?
Yeah. Miley mentioned it.
That's so...
...neat.
Is your boyfriend going to be there?
My show? Yeah.
Good. 'cause I'm starting to think you're making him up.
He's real.
He's just. he's really busy.
He's the quarterback at USC...
...which is like a really big deal.
I'll take your word for it.
I heard this place makes the best croissants.
Oh. my God!
-Nate! -[laughing] Hey...
Come on. I wasn't going to miss family week.
I still have a few more hours left on my shift.
but maybe-maybe you can hang out here.
Yeah.
Okay.
I'll do you one better.
Why don't you take off early?
-Are you sure? -Oh.
Yeah.
It's dead.
and you should be able to hang out with your...
Legal guardian.
Former legal guardian.
-Right. -Nathan.
Yeah. Nathan. she's talked a lot about you.
[Dallas] All terrible things.
-Terrible things? Ouch. -All awful.
Okay. let's go.
-Thank you. Sky. -Thank you.
[Nate] Thanks. Sky. see you.
[Dallas] Econ is tough.
but at least I'll never have another man
explain the stock market to me.
[Nate] Right.
How's everything else at CalArts?
Great.
Good.
"Great." "Good."?
[laughing]
So is it not everything that you dreamed of and more?
Yeah. it is...
and no. I don't know.
It's hard to explain.
Try me.
[♪♪♪]
I feel like I'm being pulled in different directions.
Hmm...
Like I'm everywhere.
and the nowhere at the same time. I don't know.
I'm scared I'm not making the most out of college.
Well...
I wish I could give you advice.
but I dropped out.
Have you ever thought about going back?
No. that ship has sailed...
for me.
but I'll live vicariously through you.
Also...
this shit's expensive. okay?
Tell me about it.
[♪♪♪]
Mom would be so proud of you.
And of you. too.
[♪♪♪]
Nate. what's going on?
It's nothing.
Sounds like-- sounds like something.
I was so focused on taking care of you for so long.
but now that you're gone.
I don't really know what I'm doing in Archwood now.
you know?
Like. I'm supposed to know what comes next.
and I-I don't.
so...
I'm a little scared. I guess.
Gosh. Nate. I'm so sorry.
I was blabbing about my thing.
and you have all this stuff going on. I--
No. no. this isn't a "feel sorry for me" thing.
I loved being your substitute parent.
I mean. look at you. you turned out great.
and I'll take some credit.
All the credit.
Just some...
but my point is.
you have choices.
and not everyone does.
Don't take that for granted.
I won't.
Me either.
Promise?
[♪♪♪]
Pinkie promise.
[Facetime call ringing]
-Hey. -Hey.
I'm so glad you're finally home.
Yeah. me too.
It's been such a long week.
We lost our last game.
If we lose the next one. we won't make it to the Bowl.
Right.
So does that mean that things are better with Ryan?
No. he's still sucks.
but hey. look. can we not talk about football?
Yeah.
Yeah. of course.
Um. but fair warning.
Nate's probably going to ask a lot of questions
during dinner. so...
That's tonight?
Hey. look. do you mind if I rain check?
I just got off the flight.
My knee is killing me.
and it's been such a long day.
I get that. but it's Nate's last night.
I need the rest.
and he used to play. he gets it.
Yeah.
Yeah. sure.
Um... hey. I should--
I should go get ready for dinner.
so I'll just talk to you tomorrow.
Yeah.
♪ ...When you pull me closer... ♪
♪ ...And I let you stay over... ♪
[quietly] I'm sorry.
♪ What if there's nothing wrong ♪
♪ Could I let go?
♪ Let you see all of me let you get close... ♪
Hey. I'm gonna lead. I'm gonna lead.
Let's go. let's go!
♪ ...The voice in my head
♪ Feel the echo...
He's taking a break. What's going on?
♪ ...That's what scares me the most ♪
♪ What if after it all I'm the problem? ♪
♪ Put your guard down and watch as I cause 'em... ♪
Keep going. keep going!
♪ What if I was enough for you almost? ♪
♪ That's what scares me the most ♪
Girlfriend trouble?
How'd you know?
Drayton. I'm seriously worried.
You're pushing yourself too hard.
-No. I'm not. I'm icing-- -That wasn't a question.
You are dangerously close to converting this sprain
to a full-on tear.
which could require surgery.
That's impossible.
No. it's not.
I doubt you're going to get to play this season.
What?
This is what I've been warning you about.
and if the goal is to go pro. then...
You know what?
Forget it.
Where are you going?
I can lead you to water.
but I can't make you drink.
and if you're not going to give a damn about your recovery.
then why should I?
♪ I watched you breathe
♪ In and out
♪ I watched you sleep
♪ Now I can't compose myself
[♪♪♪]
♪ Tears they fall
♪ Oh. I know...
♪ Your spine is weak and crumbling ♪
♪ And all we've come to know
♪ Is time keeps on turning on
♪ We can't shake the fire
♪ We can't stop the rain
♪ Running round in circles in the thick of the haze ♪
♪ We can't shake the fire
♪ We can't stop the pain
♪ Try to find comfort in the thick of the haze ♪
♪ We can't shake the fire
♪ We can't stop the rain
♪ Try to find comfort in the thick of the haze ♪
[applause]
It was so fun.
and you absolutely murdered your solo.
[laughing] Thank you.
It was so beautiful.
I mean. I feel good. I think.
It was beautiful.
Ladies.
Oh. my gosh!
Skyler. this is so sweet.
but you know you're not really my type. right?
Oh. yeah. I know.
[laughing]
These are beautiful. Thank you.
So... where's your famous boyfriend at?
He... he had something come up.
He's in the season. so it's complicated.
What?
No. it's not.
It's pretty simple.
I gotta go.
Um. text me.
[Skyler] What? Did I say something wrong?
Skyler. come on.
Dallas!
Dallas. wait.
Hey...
Hey. I'm sorry.
I feel so humiliated.
I-I know.
I'm sorry.
I feel terrible. okay?
There was traffic.
I had to stay late for PT and football.
Football comes first. I know.
Dallas. come on.
Look. I promise I'll be at your next show.
Do you know that everyone thinks you're made up.
I have seen your world.
but you've barely spent any time in mine.
That's not fair.
You know I'm in season.
Yeah. but tonight was important to me.
and I crushed my solo.
and I-I really wanted my boyfriend there to see it.
[scoffing]
That's super ironic.
considering you missed my only game of the season.
Yeah. and I feel terrible about that.
and I've tried to make it up to you.
I'm...
I am bending over backwards.
and I'm splitting myself in two.
Do you have any idea how much I've sacrificed?
Sacrifice?
You want to talk about sacrifice?
Look. I missed my film session
because I was stuck in Valencia.
"Stuck"?
That's not what I mean...
but I might have been able to make that play
if I was more focused
and showed up on time where I needed to be.
Right. right. so the injury is my fault?
No.
Look. I'm just saying
that you're not the only one
being pulled in multiple directions.
Look. football is everything to me.
and I'm not ready to let that go.
Yeah. well. dance is everything to me.
and I've worked so hard to get here...
...and I'm so tired of giving everyone scraps.
including myself.
So what are you saying?
That you are a dream.
but you're not my only dream.
Look. I'm sorry.
I wanted this to work.
It just...
it just isn't.
Can I walk you back to your room?
No. no. no. um...
I'll be okay.
Goodbye. Drayton.
[♪♪♪]
[line ringing]
[woman] Dallas?
Hey.
Is everything okay?
Hey. I know it's late.
Um...
...but I could really use a friend.
♪ You left me like a crime scene ♪
♪ Still got your fingerprints on me ♪
♪ And it hurts to burn the evidence ♪
♪ When everything made so much sense ♪
♪ But that's the problem with a dream ♪
♪ You wake up eventually
♪ And face the empty space between ♪
♪ Where I am and where you'd sleep ♪
♪ I'm hatin'...
♪ The waitin'...
♪ 'Cause unlovin' you...
♪ Ooh. ooh Ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh... ♪
♪ Unlovin' you...
I don't know if I called it quits too soon...
...or too late.
Well. you got a lot being thrown at you right now.
but your knee is going to get better.
and the break-up.
that's just going to hurt
no matter where you are. bud.
There's no getting around that.
I just feel like I'm losing everything I came out here for.
I don't know. maybe I just need a fresh start.
Listen. if you really want to look at other options.
you can.
but just make sure
you're running towards something
and not running away.
Okay?
Yeah.
I'm not sure SC's the best fit for me.
Okay.
Is everything all right?
I can't lie. things have been tough.
and. uh...
I figured I should just cut my losses
and get a fresh start elsewhere.
[exhaling]
Huh.
Well.
that's a damn shame.
You're a great asset to this team.
No. I mean it.
Look. I-I-I can't stop you from leaving.
but I can advise you not to make any rash decisions.
Take a minute.
weigh your options.
Yes. sir.
Thank you. Coach.
Yeah.
Hey. Drayton.
Mistakes happen.
I mean. that's a part of life.
It's how we bounce back that defines us.
Remember that.
Josh?
What are you. lost?
It is I. your one and only handsome brother.
Bro. what are you doing here?
Well. it's my fall break.
and I figured we'd spend some quality time.
the Lahey boys back at it.
Yeah. Mom told you about the breakup?
-Yeah. -Yeah.
You want to talk about it?
No...
but I am glad to see you.
[Gabby] Hey. bestie...
[squealing]
-[sighing] -Oh...
I had to make sure you were real.
What are you doing here?
You sounded a mess on the phone last week.
and I talked to Miley.
How?
Instagram.
Anyways. we're both worried about you.
so I figured
what better way to spend my fall break
than in sunny California.
Gabby. you didn't have to.
I wanted to.
So we're going to get some vitamin D...
[blinds rattling open]
...talk about Drayton.
or not talk about him.
and most importantly.
you're putting on something hot as hell.
-and we're going out. -[groaning] Absolutely not.
-That sounds awful-- -...and no.
I am not taking no for an answer.
because you are young and hot.
not wasting a Saturday night crying over a boy.
because... [sighing]
that's what weekdays are for.
Anyways. all Drayton items go in here.
and I'll take care of it tomorrow.
[exhaling]
I so needed this.
Girl. you also need a shower.
Oh. my God.
[laughing]
This is awesome!
Right?
I think you would like him.
You like frat boys. right?
-Me? -Yeah.
Okay. where are the drinks? Because we need to--
Ooh. you guys want glow sticks?
[laughing]
She's funny.
Okay. great. great. we came.
Can we go now?
Absolutely not.
Okay. we just got here. right. Miley?
Whoa!
Dallas at a party?
I never thought I'd see the day.
You don't go to parties?
I thought we've been through this.
[Dallas] I do. I do go to parties.
it's just mostly USC ones.
since Drayton and I broke up. so I--
What? No way.
I'm so sorry to hear about that.
Yeah. well. we'll take three tequila shots
for our troubles. please and thank you. Skyler.
Right on it.
[Gabby] With lime and salt. please.
because we are not animals.
Love that.
Okay. the best way to get over someone
is by getting under someone else.
Just sayin'.
That's-- No. that's not true. Is that true?
[Gabby] I tried it.
I definitely had an empowering hoe phase.
When it was all said and done.
I kept thinking of Josh.
I still do.
You don't think Drayton
is hooking up with someone. do you?
-For sure. -No!
[Skyler] Shots!
[gasping]
Cheers.
Thank you!
-[whooping] -Cheers!
[laughing]
Break-ups are brutal.
Yeah.
I think you and Gabby were smart to break up early
and just skip all the hurt.
"Skip all the hurt"?
I didn't skip past anything.
I really miss her.
and I wish I fought harder for her.
It sucks.
You ever think about reaching out to her?
[Josh chuckling ruefully]
[♪♪♪]
I've drafted the text. like. a million times.
but just... can't press send.
[♪♪♪]
You having fun?
Never felt better.
Hey. I'm sorry about the other night.
Don't-- Don't worry. Skyler.
You're definitely not the reason that Drayton and I ended things.
Good.
I'm glad it wasn't me.
I mean. not glad.
You know what I mean.
Friends?
Friends. [clinking bottles]
Thank God.
-[laughing] -It would have been so awkward
if you would have said no.
It's like when two people say goodbye.
and then they're walking in the same direction.
Or when you go for a hug.
but the other person wants a handshake.
Or when somebody calls you "neat".
The music video looks great. by the way.
Oh. yeah?
The director. she's got a bunch of other stuff. so...
-I'm there. -Yeah?
Yeah.
I already submitted you. so...
-Dallas! -[laughing]
Dallas. come on!
Get over here! It's girl time!
I-I have to...
It's. uh. shot o'clock.
Sorry.
[rowdy cheering from Gabby and Miley]
Okay. okay. what do you want to do?
♪ Don't clean it up
[♪♪♪]
♪ Make it all messy
♪ If I try to leave
♪ Don't let me...
[♪♪♪]
Gabby. what are you doing here?
Does Josh know you're here?
No.
I haven't talked to Josh since we broke up.
I'm here to deliver a package.
Dallas sent you to do this?
No. it was my idea.
That tracks.
How is she?
How do you think?
Look. she's not the only one who's hurt here.
I didn't--
Drayton. we're not in high school anymore.
Now. I'm not going to meddle
and do the whole "he said. she said" thing.
But you're so good at it.
I'm retired.
Look. if you want to talk to Dallas.
you know where to find her.
I technically don't.
We stopped sharing locations--
Goodbye. Drayton.
♪ ...Let me go in peace
♪ There's nothin' left to save
♪ We're such a cliché
♪ Not keeping receipts
♪ No apologies...
Hey.
Can we talk?
I can't. I'm working.
Then I'd like to place an order.
Fine. What can I get you?
An iced latte with almond milk.
That's my order.
$7.50.
[machine whirring]
Drayton. what are you really doing here?
Josh came to visit me.
Josh is in town?
Now?
So is Gabby.
Oh. I know.
Yeah. thanks for that.
Look. what are the odds
they'd both be in L.A. the same weekend?
I think we should Parent Trap them.
There is no "we".
We broke up.
and I don't think I should meddle.
They were always meddling with us.
Yeah. and look how that turned out.
Look. Josh isn't over Gabby.
Like. very much not over her.
This could be the love of his life.
and if there's even a chance she feels the same way.
shouldn't we try?
Look. all we need to do
is get them in the same room together.
and if they hit it off again. great.
If not. oh. well.
So...
...this is where you work.
What did you have in mind?
[♪♪♪]
[rowdy shouting]
[cheering]
This is Miley's cousin's boyfriend's friend's party.
Yeah. yeah. she'll be here any minute.
Is my costume too much?
-You look great. you look hot. -Thank you.
Gabby...
Josh!
Is-- Hi.
Hi.
Uh. are you also an environmental scientist?
Who's slowly losing his mind because--
[together] --No one's listening?
Yeah.
[laughing] Great minds. I guess.
[Josh] Great minds.
-How are you do-- -What are you up to?
-[Gabby laughing] -You go first.
I got that judicial clerkship.
Hell. yeah. I mean. I knew you would.
Really?
I-I was so nervous.
It was so competitive.
Yeah. but you're pretty brilliant. so...
[Josh] Want to grab a drink?
I'd love that.
[♪♪♪]
So. how have you been?
-Great. -It's great to see you.
So...
So... mission accomplished.
Sorry.
Hi.
Hey.
Charlotte! How are you?
I'm good. How are you?
Good. good.
You look-- Wow.
Want to guess?
Chef...
Uh-huh.
Mm...
...kiss.
"Chef's kiss." that's funny.
Who says all jocks are dumb?
Every day I fight stereotypes.
It's really heroic of you. actually.
[laughing]
Um... it's random
bumping into you here.
Yeah. yeah. um...
[indistinct conversation]
I'll catch you later. okay?
Yeah.
Yeah. yeah. I'll be back. I'll be back.
[♪♪♪]
Nice costume.
I think we should be friends.
We can't be friends.
Why not?
You know why.
No. I don't.
Look. I know our schedules
made it impossible to date. okay?
But we're mature adults.
Neither of us wanted to hurt one another.
We didn't cheat.
Hey. so they only have warm beer here.
so we're going to grab a bite.
You guys want to come?
I-I-I have work tomorrow.
and I'm-I'm a bit tired.
so.you guys. you guys enjoy the reunion.
I can give you a ride to the airport
if Dallas is busy.
I'm busy.
Braving LAX.
Now. that is love.
-Come here... -I love you.
I love you. -Thanks for parent-trapping us.
Thank you for being a great best friend.
A phenomenal best friend.
The most phenomenal.
-Likewise. Text me. -Text me.
Bye. I'll miss you guys. Love you.
-Bye. -Bye. Dallas.
[♪♪♪]
Whoo-hoo!
Ah!
Well. if you miss her. then reach out.
Oh. I got it. When's her birthday?
It's actually next week.
[laughing] Oh. that's the perfect excuse to call.
I'm giving her space.
She says she doesn't want to be friends.
Well. yeah. no shit.
It's literally impossible to be friends with an ex.
How's the knee feeling?
Much better.
Officially cleared to play. as of yesterday.
Hell. yeah. that's got to feel good.
Not really.
I'm still second string. so...
Yeah. but you're good to play now.
which is awesome.
Mm.
So does that mean
you're not transferring anymore?
I don't know.
I'm weighing the options.
Dude. come on.
Look. it doesn't look like
I'm going to get any playing time
with Ryan starting the rest of the season.
Dray. you've worked so hard to recover.
You've gotta keep going. man.
Look...
you have what it takes to go pro.
Not everybody does.
I certainly don't.
That's why. you know. I'm getting my MBA next.
Another dash?
Three. two. one. go!
Got you. [laughing]
I don't feel like celebrating.
Well. too bad!
I promised Gabby
I wasn't going to let you sit alone in your room.
ruminating whether or not the hot jock ex
was going to reach out.
Probably won't.
Or obsessing about the Dean's masterclass.
I'm not obsessing.
I'm manifesting.
Look. you have a really great chance of getting this.
but even if you don't.
you're really talented.
and you don't need Dean Adams. or CalArts.
or anybody but you to define that.
Okay. my masterpiece is complete.
M'wah! M'wah. m'wah. m'wah. m'wah--
Miley. I love it!
You deserve to feel special tonight.
because before you know it.
we're going to be old ladies.
and the only thing we're going to have
to keep us going
are the memories of our youth.
Right.
Mm-hmm.
So where are we going?
Doesn't matter.
It's shot o'clock.
[laughing]
I think I know where we are.
No. no. no. I think-- I don't think you do.
I don't think you do...
[giggling]
[all shouting] Surprise!
Oh...
[with country accent] We thought you might be homesick
for them Archwood roots.
It was like a normal-sized town. okay?
Hey. happy birthday.
You don't have to read it now. okay?
Who knew you were so sentimental?
Literally everyone.
So cute.
All right. line dancing's a-waitin'.
Let's mosey.
No. no. you girls. go ahead.
that's really not my thing.
Oh! [shouting in disappointment]
♪ I'm a tailgating son of a gun ♪
♪ I got what you want
♪ Whiskey on ice
♪ Cold beer Bud Lite ♪
♪ Lift-kit Chevy with some mud tires ♪
♪ You can catch me off road down in Fort Myers ♪
♪ We getting wired
♪ I don't care when we coming home ♪
♪ I got a bottle full of jack bumping Luke Combs ♪
♪ Grab the corn hole boards and the flip cup ♪
♪ Lot of cigarette chugging till we messed up ♪
♪ If the creek don't rise we gonna get it in ♪
♪ I got a beer bong full
♪ Praying for my sins
♪ I got a long neck on deck
Think the window's closing.
It's now or never.
I know.
I. um. heard you're transferring.
I'm still undecided.
Well. I think
it's pretty stupid to quit something
before you've given it a chance.
but it's your prerogative.
Wow. you never hold back.
[laughing] Why would I?
Life's short.
Yeah.
I'm going to get a drink.
You guys want anything?
No? Good?
Good.
So...
..was that your girlfriend at the Halloween party?
Ex-girlfriend.
Oh.
I'm sorry to hear that.
No. you're not.
[laughing]
[Marcus. loudly] It's the man of the hour. Ryan Decker!
[Ryan. laughing] Look. look. I wouldn't say all that.
but. uh. ESPN did call me
the comeback of the decade. so...
-They did? -This guy...
Look at this.
If it isn't second string with my sloppy seconds.
Screw you. Ryan.
Come on. are you serious?
Hey. back off.
Yeah. she's playing hard to get.
[laughing] Hey. totally.
-Yeah. she is. right? -Bring it back. it's all good.
[crowd applauding]
Can I borrow this?
So. it's my friend's birthday.
Happy birthday!
She is insanely talented
and so brave.
Moved from the farm to the big city
to pursue her dreams.
if you believe that shit.
but I am dick-broke.
and I couldn't afford to get her a present.
so I'm going to sing her a song.
something that she said that she liked.
I think he likes you.
You are a handful.
[band starts playing]
[♪♪♪]
♪ No. he can't love you in the way that you like ♪
♪ The way that I
♪ The way that I would. yeah
♪ And you can try to hide it every day. every night ♪
♪ But you feel it inside
♪ You push it away. but. babe
♪ It's in the air...
♪ It's in the air
♪ You push it away but it's in the air ♪
♪ The pressure that you put on yourself ♪
♪ I wish you knew you got nothing to prove to me ♪
♪ I see you choosing him
♪ But he's choosing himself
♪ And I know how it feels to be used ♪
♪ Does he hold you...
What I was trying to say
is if you transfer.
you're going to be a big fish in a small pond.
That's not going to get you to the NFL.
Maybe. maybe not.
Is this about your ex-girlfriend?
No.
Look. I just need more minutes.
That's bullshit. Ryan's leaving next year.
You'd be up as first string.
You're a real hard-ass. you know?
Yeah. did I mention I have four brothers?
-[laughing] -I think so.
Do you want to... come in for a little bit?
Look. I'm sorry. I can't.
No. that's okay.
I get it.
It would probably get really messy. really fast.
Yeah. exactly. exactly.
I'll see you tomorrow?
-Yeah. -Yeah.
Don't make it weird.
I wouldn't dream of it.
[laughing]
♪ ...I wish you knew
♪ You got nothing to prove to me ♪
♪ I see you choosing him
♪ But he's choosing himself
♪ And I know how it feels to be used ♪
[phone buzzing]
♪ Does he hold you through
♪ All your sleepless nights?
♪ Does he know you in the way that I do? ♪
♪ No. he can't love you in the way that you like ♪
♪ The way that I...
♪ The way that I would...
[Drayton] Hey. Dallas.
Sorry it's late.
I just wanted to call and say happy birthday.
Cutting it close.
I know.
I wasn't sure if you wanted to hear from me.
No. I'm-- I'm glad you called.
♪ It's in the air It's in the air... ♪
So are you excited to go home?
I know you love Thanksgiving.
♪ It's in the air ♪ [song ends]
I'm actually not going home.
[crowd cheering]
You know. funny enough. uh...
...I'm staying back. too.
for practice.
You are?
Yeah.
I hear the city gets pretty quiet.
We could spend it together.
I'll bring the turkey.
[♪♪♪]
I come bearing gifts.
I thought I'd never be able
to look your aunt in the eye again.
She was supposed to be in London.
I was naked in her pool.
Oh. I know.
I was there.
[phone buzzing]
Hi. this is Dallas.
Hi. Dallas.
You came to the open call for a movie musical?
[whispers] Who is it?
Yes. hi.
Hi. how are you?
Doing great. doing great.
Sorry to call you on a holiday. but I have some good news.
I'd love for you to come in for a call-back.
[gasping]
Oh. my God. yes. I'd absolutely love that.
That sounds great.
We'll send over the details.
We're moving fast.
and we want to have our dancers selected ASAP.
Production starts in January.
Amazing!
Great. we'll talk soon.
[laughing in delight]
Congratulations!
Wow. that's amazing!
January.
That's-- that's soon.
Yeah...
Yeah.
Wait. no. I can't-- I can't do this.
I can't do this. This is insane.
There's no harm in auditioning.
Yeah. but if I get it.
what. I'm just going to quit school
and move to New York?
Why not?
Look. I love college football.
but if NFL scouts came calling.
I would not say no.
It's your decision.
but for what it's worth.
it's the most excited I've seen you in a long time.
That's not true.
I've been excited about the Dean's masterclass.
No. you've been anxious about the Dean's masterclass.
There's a difference.
What do you have?
[♪♪♪]
You definitely were a chef in another life.
Maybe that'll be my Plan B.
You don't need a Plan B.
♪ I pray upon the fullest moon ♪
♪ And hold onto your pink balloon... ♪
I win.
What else is new?
♪ Your hands are soft as silk ♪
♪ Tracing all my flaws
♪ Suddenly you're all I want... ♪
Do you ever think about us?
♪ Your mouth is like the sunset ♪
♪ Going down every night...
Every day.
♪ Please don't say a word
♪ Love me till it hurts
♪ And when it hurts
♪ I'll be the first to say "I love you" ♪
♪ I'll rise my chest in sync with yours ♪
♪ As you breathe in my scent galore ♪
♪ And I'll listen
♪ As your heartbeat roars
♪ I'll pray upon the fullest moon ♪
♪ And hold onto your pink balloon ♪
♪ And I promise
♪ I'll never let it go
♪ Never let our memories blow away ♪
♪ I'll tie a knot around my waist... ♪
No matter what's happening in my life.
when I step onto that field.
in between those white lines.
everything just fades away.
All of my problems disappear.
I feel...
Like yourself.
Exactly.
So what are your dreams?
Easy.
NFL.
duh.
Eight Super Bowl rings.
[laughing]
Dunkin' commercial.
Going for Brady?
Hell. yeah. Cheer.
I'm dreaming big.
[sighing]
I hope you get that movie.
Me too.
[♪♪♪]
♪ I know that I will love again ♪
♪ I'll meet someone and we'll make amends ♪
♪ I'm sure she'll be a gentleman ♪
♪ And I will be content
♪ And if you come with me...
[Dallas writes] "Drayton.
I had the best night with you.
so I'm sorry to leave like this.
but it would have been too hard to say goodbye.
You probably would have said something sweet and charming.
You would have swept me off my feet
and forced me to defy all the logic in my head.
I realized last night
that football will always be a part of your life.
and therefore so will distance.
I don't want to force ourselves
to fit in each other's lives.
because the truth is.
loving you is everything I never knew I needed.
You made the mundane seem extraordinary.
I truly hope all your dreams come true.
I'm just sorry that I couldn't be one of them."
[♪♪♪]
What was she like when she was my age?
If you remember.
and I understand if you don't.
She was talented.
Your mom was actually the one who lobbied for a showcase
after the masterclass.
I didn't know that.
Oh. I have lots of stories to share.
My door's always open.
Sometimes. history repeats itself.
sometimes it doesn't.
but it's always good to glance back.
♪ ...I'd have to think about it ♪
♪ You...
♪ Are my Achilles heel
♪ The weakness only I can feel ♪
♪ I've been a liar and you've been a pill ♪
♪ But I'd still have to think about it... ♪
[phone buzzing]
Hi!
Hi. how are you?
[casting director] I'm doing well.
I'm calling with some great news.
We'd love to offer you a spot as a dancer in the movie.
An assistant will be sending over the details now.
We'd love to have you on board.
Oh. my God!
Oh. my God. thank you. That...
Thank you so much.
I'm so honored.
Okay. great. We'll talk soon.
What happened?
I can't believe it.
I just got the part.
Heck. yes!
Heck. yes.
Oh. my God. Dallas. congrats.
I always believed in you.
You going to take it?
I don't know. I don't know. I don't know.
I-- That's such a big move.
and it's so fast. and...
and I got into the Dean's class. which...
it's princess problems.
You want my 10 cents?
The saying is two.
I'm adjusting for inflation.
Okay. well. it's like...
I have these two really great options in front of me.
-Mm-hmm? -Right?
One that I've wanted for so long.
and another that is so unexpected.
You'd be stupid not to take it.
Excuse me?
This could be your big break.
You know how many people
would kill for this opportunity?
What about CalArts?
You defer for a year?
You could start chasing your dream.
Look. it's your choice.
but you've got to do what scares you.
because that's what art is.
[sighing]
I don't know. there's just...
I feel like there's just something holding me back.
Something or... someone?
You nervous about tonight?
Why would I be. just watching from the bench?
You never know.
I just keep replaying everything
over and over in my head.
I was playing in a panic.
You know. everyone watching.
It was...
Sure.
I was just trying so hard to not screw up.
Well. you're gonna screw up.
That's... [laughing]
That's about the only guarantee you got...
...but you gotta let go of the "should'ves".
Yeah. that's easier said than done.
Yeah...
...but there's something you taught me.
whether you know it or not.
which is that you could spend so much time
obsessing over the past
that you just fail to see what's right in front of you.
You nervous?
A little. a little.
but the fact I won't be drowning in debt helps.
Mm.
I just wish I knew what Mom would say.
That she's happy for you.
and a little jealous
because she always wanted to live in New York. too.
She did?
Yeah.
I found her journals cleaning out the attic.
Her and Dad were saving up.
but then...
they had me.
which I think is the better deal.
Definitely.
But you know.
even they had to let their dreams change.
-You know? -Mm-hmm.
Why were you cleaning out the attic?
Well. it's funny you mention it. actually.
I might have to rent out the house soon.
because...
I've decided
that I'm going back to college.
What?
-Nate! -[chuckling]
Nate. that's amazing!
-Is it? -[gasping in delight]
I feel kind of old to be in school.
but it'll be good for me to finish.
Where did you apply at?
Any schools in New York?
Yeah.
I didn't want to tell you before.
because I didn't want to influence your decision
to go to New York.
I felt like that decision had to be yours.
So selfless.
Yeah.
My brother and my best friend on the East Coast.
Does Gabby know?
Yeah. she helped me with the application--
her and Josh.
[exhaling]
He mentioned...
that his family really missed Drayton
over Thanksgiving.
Yeah.
Yeah. it sucks he had practice.
Except he didn't.
I heard he chose to stay behind.
Why would he do that?
Because he's in love with you.
That is so sweet.
and generous.
and...
so...
Drayton.
I have to say goodbye.
Doesn't he have a game today?
Mm.
[♪♪♪]
[Coach] Let's go. let's go! Come on!
Come on. look. I just talked to a scout.
told him I thrive under pressure. unlike Lahey--
Ryan. why don't you just give it a rest. man?
Zach. why don't you shut up?
Scouts aren't even looking at you anyway--
Cut the shit. Ryan.
Look. I know what you think of me.
and I get it.
I'm the freshman
who got the shot and blew it when it mattered.
but I've had to fight through some real shit to get here.
and I know I'm not the only one.
all right. so tonight. yeah.
I do hope you win.
but more than that. I hope we win.
because if we're not a team out there.
we don't stand a chance.
All right. you heard him.
Let's go out there and show 'em what we're made of.
[team cheering]
[announcer] We're early in the fourth quarter.
USC is trailing behind by five.
De Leon has possession.
Shaw doesn't see anyone.
He takes it himself!
-He's up the middle! -[crowd roaring]
And he's down on the 44-yard line.
[crowd booing]
Six minutes left in the fourth.
De Leon leads by 12.
It's been a spotty performance by senior Ryan Decker tonight.
but can he change the fortune
of this beleaguered Trojans offense?
Decker takes the snap. got his eyes downfield.
and...
just short of the first down.
[♪♪♪]
♪ I'm a warrior and hard to define... ♪
[urgently] I want you to tuck and run. okay?
Tuck and run.
Yeah. yeah. You got it.
♪ ...Breaking your chains just rise and shout ♪
♪ Fire burning got it deep inside ♪
♪ Listen to it Let it be your guide ♪
♪ You're a dreamer...
Hut!
[announcer] Decker takes the snap.
He's taking a chance downfield!
Incomplete!
Third and one for the Trojans.
Timeout's called. USC.
♪ ...I'm a believer
♪ And a fighter...
I told you to tuck and run!
You want to be a hero. join a solo sport!
Sit down! Lahey!
Coach. are you kidding me? Come on.
Sit down.
♪ ...And your spirit is yours entirely... ♪
You're in.
[announcer] Wait. is that Drayton Lahey?
He's coming off the bench!
He's taking his place back on the field!
I can't believe it!
We haven't seen the freshman
since his injury earlier this season.
The Trojans need to clinch this win
in order to them into the conference championships.
♪ ...Before you get a reminder
♪ Only a couple of fighters...
[announcer] Lahey takes the snap.
71's coming up the side!
Drayton dodged the sack!
He goes deep!
84 makes the catch!
Touchdown. Trojans!
Trojans still down by five.
Driving. with only 20 seconds left on the clock.
Go!
Lahey glides to his left.
taking another deep shot.
and 81's right where he needs to be!
First down. USC!
♪ ...And your spirit is yours entirely... ♪
[announcer] Five seconds left on the clock.
USC only has time for one more play.
Trojans on the 50-yard line.
Lahey's only hope is a Hail Mary.
but does this freshman have the arm to get it there?
Okay. go!
Lahey takes the snap.
He's got men downfield.
He lets it loose...
♪ Shining so bright
♪ Your spirit is yours entirely... ♪
[crowd screaming]
Touchdown!
Trojans win!
[crowd screaming]
[team cheering]
[cheering] Drayton!
So... I think I'm back to being first string.
Well. after that game.
I'd be surprised if the NFL doesn't call you tonight.
You know. funny enough.
there were some scouts at the game.
I'm surprised you came.
What can I say. Quarterback?
I'll always be your number one cheerleader.
I got the part.
I'm proud of you. Cheer.
[sighing]
So when do you leave?
Tomorrow.
but I wanted to tell you in person.
I know it's fast.
I guess this is goodbye.
Yeah.
For now.
Do you believe in right person. wrong time?
I'm not sure...
...but I think what's meant to be
has a way of working itself out.
[♪♪♪]
♪ You're looking at me
♪ Seeing through everything
♪ All of my lies and bad endings ♪
♪ Purple skies and pretendings ♪
♪ And I want to tell you...
♪ Everything but the truth
♪ But you don't know...
♪ You're out of control
♪ And meant to be
♪ I want...
♪ I just can't stop
♪ Can't stop. can't stop...
♪ I keep kicking it further down the line ♪
♪ Trying to stop myself
♪ Stop myself
♪ This time
♪ 'Cause what I want What I want ♪
♪ What I want. what I want
♪ Oh. my God. I try not to
♪ But it's true that I want you ♪
♪ I want you. I want you
♪ I want you. I want you...
♪ Want you...
♪ I'm looking at you
♪ I'm getting in too soon
♪ You're so pretty
♪ I can't hide
♪ And what I need I can't fight it ♪
♪ I want
♪ I just...
♪ Can't stop. can't stop
♪ Can't stop
♪ I keep kicking it further down the line ♪
♪ Trying to stop myself
♪ Stop myself
♪ This time
♪ 'Cause what I want
♪ What I want. what I want
♪ Oh. my God. I try not to
♪ But it's true that I want you ♪
♪ I want you. I want you
♪ I want you. I want you...
♪ Want you...
[♪♪♪]
Hi. I'm Sara Waisglass.
And I'm Chase Hudson.
In our new movie. we run for student body president.
To impress our exes.
And ruin each other's lives. romantically.
There's sabotage. fake dating. emotional damage...
A dead fish. a streaker.
and one very dramatic speech about detention.
[laughing]
Stay tuned for a sneak peek
at How to Lose a Popularity Contest
only on Tubi!
[class bell rings]
[indistinct announcement crackling]
[locker bangs]
We need to talk.
[awkwardly] Hey.
Um. yeah. give me a sec.
[door thumps open]
You can't be in here!
You wrote my name on that list?
What...?
No... no way.
[deep breath] Okay. I did.
I wrote it. but...
you looked so sad at the diner.
and I figured
if I signed you up for President.
it would get Quinn's attention.
Well. thanks. Max.
It did get her attention. and now she hates me.
What?
She wanted you to get serious. didn't she?
Well. yeah. but...
she thinks I'm. like. trolling it.
or whatever.
Well. that's an easy fix.
Just take it seriously.
do a great job. and win the election.
Um. duh. I already thought of that.
Super! Then this was a really fun conversation.
I'll see ya.
I can't do that on my own.
You signed me up. right?
So now... you're gonna help me.
♪ You got nothing to prove to me ♪
♪ I see you choosing him
♪ But he's choosing himself
♪ And I know how it feels to be used ♪
♪ Does he hold you
♪ Through all your sleepless nights? ♪
♪ Does he know you in the way that I do? ♪
♪ No. he can't love you in the way that you like ♪
♪ The way that I...
♪ The way that I would. yeah
♪ And you can try to hide it every day. every night ♪
♪ But you feel it inside
♪ Trying to push it away but. babe ♪
♪ It's in the air...
♪ It's in the air
♪ You push it away but it's in the air ♪
♪ You know the truth. yeah
♪ You've danced around it
♪ Not everything that glitters is gold ♪
♪ Deep down. you know what to do about it ♪
♪ Gotta do what's right for your soul ♪
♪ No. he can't love you in the way that you like ♪
♪ The way that I
♪ The way that I would. yeah
♪ And you can try to hide it every day. every night ♪
♪ But you feel it inside
♪ Trying to push it away but. babe ♪
♪ It's in the air...
♪ It's in the air
♪ You push it away but it's in the air ♪
♪ I see you're choosing him
♪ But he's choosing himself
♪ And I know how it feels to be used ♪
♪ Does he hold you
♪ Through all your sleepless nights? ♪
♪ Does he know you in the way that I do? ♪
♪ No. he can't love you in the way that you like ♪
♪ The way that I
♪ The way that I would. yeah
♪ And you can try to hide it every day. every night ♪
♪ But you feel it inside
♪ Trying to push it away but. babe ♪
♪ It's in the air...
♪ It's in the air
♪ You push it away but it's in the air ♪